Add configure multiple gateways in choreo connect docs (#3839)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configure-multiple-gateways-with-choreo-connect.md

          - ./conf/log4j2.properties:/home/wso2/conf/log4j2.properties
          - ../resources/enforcer/dropins:/home/wso2/lib/dropins
        links:
          - adapter
          - apim
        environment:
          - ENFORCER_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH=/home/wso2/security/keystore/mg.key
          - ENFORCER_PUBLIC_CERT_PATH=/home/wso2/security/keystore/mg.pem
          - TRUSTED_CA_CERTS_PATH=/home/wso2/security/truststore
          - ADAPTER_HOST_NAME=adapter
          - ADAPTER_HOST=adapter
          - ADAPTER_XDS_PORT=18000
          - ENFORCER_LABEL=choreo-connect-2
          - ENFORCER_REGION=UNKNOWN
          - XDS_MAX_MSG_SIZE=4194304
          - XDS_MAX_RETRIES=3
          - JAVA_OPTS=${JAVA_OPTS} -Dhttpclient.hostnameVerifier=AllowAll
          - apim_admin_pwd=admin
          - enforcer_admin_pwd=admin
          - tm_admin_pwd=admin
          - analytics_authURL=https://localhost:8080
          - analytics_authToken=
        ports:
          - "8082:8081"
    ```
    
    !!! note
        If you are configuring a distributed adapter deployment, you need to define the separate adapters along with the routers and the enforcers deployed in the same environment.

> 

Reviewer: Add starting choreo-connect deployment as point 3.

Author: Added with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3839/commits/618a329d1dd1ef57172162610208c09d8c6d4c99

> 3. Add the gateway environments from the Gateways in the APIM admin portal.

Reviewer: mention the environment names in this step (choreo-connect-1, choreo-connect-2)

Author: Added with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3839/commits/618a329d1dd1ef57172162610208c09d8c6d4c99

# Configure Multiple Gateways with Choreo Connect

> Choreo Connect supports the configuration of multiple gateways with APIM or stand-alone mode. Basically, there are two types of deployments to setup multiple gateways.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect supports the configuration of multiple Gateways with API Manager or in stand-alone mode. There are two types of deployments to setup multiple Gateways.
```

Let's use title case for Gateway's and other components everywhere.

Author: Done with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3839/commits/92c57f77931f5c5ba22596f3c0fb108093b38d55

> Choreo Connect supports the configuration of multiple gateways with APIM or stand-alone mode. Basically, there are two types of deployments to setup multiple gateways.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect supports the configuration of multiple Gateways with API Manager or in stand-alone mode. There are two types of deployments to setup multiple Gateways.
```

Let's use title case for Gateway's and other components everywhere.

Author: Done with https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3839/commits/92c57f77931f5c5ba22596f3c0fb108093b38d55
